Update README (#291)
connectrpc/connect-python: README.md

<div align="center">

![The Connect logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/connectrpc/connectrpc.com/12f7ad8e95c5f784700bc280708b27cd148d0cf1/public/img/logo.svg)

# Connect for Python

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/connect-py?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/connect-py)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/connect-py?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/connectrpc/connect-py/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-buf-%23e01e5a?style=flat-square)](https://buf.build/links/slack)

Connect is the **easiest way to build modern APIs**.

[Docs](https://connectrpc.com/docs/python/getting-started/) •
[Example](https://github.com/connectrpc/connect-py/tree/main/example) •
[New to Connect?](https://connectrpc.com/)

</div>

## Why Connect?

Building an API usually means writing the same types twice: once on the server, once in every client. Connect fixes that - define your API schema in Protobuf, and it will generate type-safe server stubs and client libraries in **every major language**, including your frontend. All that's left to write is your business logic.

> And it's all plain HTTP! Connect speaks both JSON and Protobuf, so `curl` works out of the box. It supports streaming as a first-class feature, and interoperates seamlessly with gRPC and gRPC-Web - adopt it one service at a time, alongside what you already run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And it's all plain HTTP! Connect speaks both Protobuf and JSON, and `curl` works out of the box. It supports streaming as a first-class feature, and interoperates seamlessly with gRPC and gRPC-Web - adopt it one service at a time, alongside what you already run.
```

curl working is somewhat orthogonal, and since the default is Protobuf, we should order it before JSON in general

## Features

> - **Servers:** WSGI and ASGI-ready, use with `uvicorn` or any other server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Servers:** WSGI and ASGI-ready, use with any compatible server
```

uvicorn doesn't support all the features, so we don't promote it in the feature-list

# Connect for Python

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/connect-py?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/connect-py)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/connect-py?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/connectrpc/connect-py/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-buf-%23e01e5a?style=flat-square)](https://buf.build/links/slack)

Connect is the **easiest way to build modern APIs**.

[Docs](https://connectrpc.com/docs/python/getting-started/) •
[Example](https://github.com/connectrpc/connect-py/tree/main/example) •
[New to Connect?](https://connectrpc.com/)

</div>

## Why Connect?

Building an API usually means writing the same types at least twice: once on the server, and once in every client. Connect makes this simple - define your API schema using Protobuf, and Connect generates type-safe server stubs and idiomatic client libraries in **every major language**, including for your frontend. All that's left to write is your business logic, in plain Python.

Connect already works with your current tech stack:

> - Connect is built on top of HTTP and speaks both JSON and Protobuf, so `curl` works out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect is built on top of HTTP and speaks both Protobuf and JSON, so `curl` works out of the box.
```

- **HTTP/1.1 servers**: Support half-duplex bidirectional streaming only
- **WSGI servers**: Support streaming but not full-duplex bidirectional due to protocol limitations

- **Clients**: Support half-duplex bidirectional streaming only

## Examples

The `example/` directory contains complete working examples demonstrating all features:

- **Eliza Chatbot**: A Connect implementation of the classic ELIZA psychotherapist chatbot
  - `eliza_service.py` - Async ASGI server implementation
  - `eliza_service_sync.py` - Synchronous WSGI server implementation
  - `eliza_client.py` - Async client example
  - `eliza_client_sync.py` - Synchronous client example
- **All streaming patterns**: Unary, server streaming, client streaming, and bidirectional
- **Integration examples**: Starlette, Flask, and other frameworks

Run the Eliza example:

```bash
# Start the server
cd example
uvicorn example.eliza_service:app --port 8080

# In another terminal, run the client
python -m example.eliza_client
```

## Supported Protocols

- ✅ Connect Protocol over HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2
- ✅ gRPC Protocol support
- ✅ gRPC-Web Protocol support

> ## Server Runtime Options

Reviewer: I agree with the general reduction / redirect to the full docs site, but I think we should keep this section since it is directly about usage.
